readme.md, before:

# Project Title
A *brief* paragraph explaining your project and what it does should be written here. The idea is to give readers an overview of what it is that you've built.

## Getting Started (Software Based)
You should write a bit about **how** I can get your project working, It's good to think in terms of the following sections:

### Prerequisites
What do I need in order to get your project running? For example,
* Python 3.5 (or later)
* sqlalchemy

### Installing
A step by step guide on how to build and install your software, for example:

#### Edit the configuration file
In myconfig.ini, change the following settings to match your requirements:

```
database_name=test
database_user=test
database_pass=password
```

#### Install libraries and run program

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python3 main.py
```

### Running Tests
How do I run your tests? Make it as easy as possible to do this!

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
./tests.py
```

### Versioning Statergy
What versioning statergy are you using for your project, something like [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) might be a good idea.

## Getting Started (Hardware Based)

### Pre-requisites

* Components
* PBC
* etc..
 
### Component Testing
### PCB Board design
### System Building
### Hardware version Stratgery

## Authors
Provide your names here
* Fred Bloggs - UI Design

## References
* [Gitlab Markdown Guide](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/markdown.html)
* [Example 1](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-sec-intro/tree/v2.0.2)
* [Example 2](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-architecture/tree/v1.10.0)

Commit message:

Updated project title - readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Recreating a Classic Arcade Game
A *brief* paragraph explaining your project and what it does should be written here. The idea is to give readers an overview of what it is that you've built.
The game is a 2D platformer based around the mechanics of something like Super Mario Bros.

## Getting Started (Software Based)
You should write a bit about **how** I can get your project working, It's good to think in terms of the following sections:

### Prerequisites
What do I need in order to get your project running? For example,
* Python 3.5 (or later)
* sqlalchemy

### Installing
A step by step guide on how to build and install your software, for example:

#### Edit the configuration file
In myconfig.ini, change the following settings to match your requirements:

```
database_name=test
database_user=test
database_pass=password
```

#### Install libraries and run program

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python3 main.py
```

### Running Tests
How do I run your tests? Make it as easy as possible to do this!

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
./tests.py
```

### Versioning Statergy
What versioning statergy are you using for your project, something like [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) might be a good idea.

## Getting Started (Hardware Based)

### Pre-requisites

* Components
* PBC
* etc..
 
### Component Testing
### PCB Board design
### System Building
### Hardware version Stratgery

## Authors
Provide your names here
* Benjamin Sweeney

## References
* [Gitlab Markdown Guide](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/markdown.html)
* [Example 1](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-sec-intro/tree/v2.0.2)
* [Example 2](https://github.com/erasmus-without-paper/ewp-specs-architecture/tree/v1.10.0)
